[ADDRESS A]
[NAME A]

[ADDRESS B]
[NAME B]

Dear Minister,
I am writing to you to convey my concerns regarding the Educational system. It is my contention that it is deeply flawed, and as it has only been subtly changed for the last hundred years, it was founded upon ancient knowledge and does not meet the needs of today's students. Countless scientists and studies have proved that teenagers learn and socialise in a differently to adults, and need to sleep at different times. Education is designed to inspire, shape and found the greatest minds of the coming generation. These are the politicians that will govern our countries, the doctors that will cure and heal our sick and elderly, the lawyers and police force that will protect society from injustice and oppression, the engineers that will design and create the world of our future. If we want to raise and inspire these young minds, rather than nurture an oppressive, depressing work culture, we need to rethink education.

Before I begin, I would like for you to hear a message from [NAME C], England's leading physician and expert child psychologist. 
"From a young age, we are taught that our value is determined by our intelligence. We are taught to compete with our peers for higher grades. We are taught that if you are failing, it is your fault - your fault for 'not trying hard enough'. This system is what creates the inhumane work culture suffocating our society today - the culture that needs you to spend your life working, rather than spend your life with your loved ones, to possess the money you need to survive. It should not be this way. Children's brains are fundementally so different from adults - every child learns differently, however every child recieves the same education. This education does not work for everyone. The children it does work for are deemed high achievers, and praised, and the children it does not work for are deemed less intelligent, and scrutinised. The truth is that no child is less intelligent than another. Every child can learn. But children shouldn't have to learn how to learn - we should be the ones studying that, and reforming the system into one that suits everyone, not just a minority. Countless exams, coupled with pressure from teachers, mentors and peers narrow the growing mind into being solely focused on one thing - studies. 80% of teens do not feel they have the time for life outside of school. They feel that to achieve their dreams, they cannot have a life outside of school. To even stand a chance of becoming what they want to become, they must focus all of their energy throughout their formative years into memorising information from a syllabus. This journey is personal for each and every child - we must allow children to achieve their dreams, free from extreme stress, anxiety and mental illness, whilst maintaining a life doing things that they enjoy. Sadly, this is not a reality".

The current system does not take into account that different students learn in different ways. For example, some students learn best kinaesthetically - they learn by doing. For this type of student, they will easily remember material after experiencing or leading a demonstration. Other types of students may be visual learners - a concept may not make sense to them until visually represented, in the form of a diagram. Others may be auditory learners - they may be completely fine listening to a lecture, and from this they are able to understand the material. There are countless types of learners, yet we only account for one. A visual learner can be just as intelligent as an auditory learner - they just need information represented in different ways. The reality is teachers are extremely overworked, the average teacher managing around 180 pupils (if they teach around 6 classes). These teachers cannot be expected to know each child and their learning style personally. Our system must be made in a way which makes a childs preferred style of learning readily available to them. Pressure from peers and social conventions can easily cause hesitation from a child, preventing them from asking for help when they really need it. To combat this, our system must be effective, and easily suitable for every child.

Furthermore, children need sleep at different times to adults. To illustrate this point, I would like for you to hear a message from [NAME D], a student in year 11.
"I usually finish school around half 3. After that, I do basketball, so that takes me an hour, and I can leave at half 4. I'm usually quite hungry at that point since I haven't eaten since lunch at 12, so I eat on the buses where that's allowed. The buses can take a really long time. If there aren't any delays, it usually takes me around 45 minutes to get home. When I'm home, I like to greet my family, get changed and have a shower, which can take around half an hour, so it would be around 5:45 by that point. By that time, I remember all of the homework and exams, and start to panic a little. I get started on my homework, but sometimes it just feels so difficult to start, I can't find any motivation and I'm so tired after a long day, I procrastinate a little. When I do my homework, it feels never ending - I just have so much to do for every subject! On top of that, I need to revise for all of the tests coming up. I wanted to make a revision plan to take me to my final exams, but school keep giving me a bunch of random tests on areas from all over the specification, so I don't really have time to follow it in between revision for tests. I usually stop doing my homework by around 7:30, when I take an hour to have dinner. When I continue with work, there's so much and I get so stressed it just carries on forever. By the end of it, I just want to relax, I wanted to spend time with my family but they're usually asleep by that time. I usually then just spend ages on my phone because I just need to relax. I end up getting to bed around 12 or 1am, and then I have to wake up at 5am because it takes me an hour to get to school and an hour to get ready and eat. I feel so tired all day, but it feels like I'm trapped.' 
Teenagers need between 8-10 hours of sleep in order to fully rest and recover, and process all the information they have taken in during the day. Now, only 13% of teenagers report recieving this many hours on a normal school day. Furthermore, due to the suffocating school routine, 65% of students report feeling anxious every day, and 45% report school-related mental illness, or mental illness/disorder being worsened by school. The consequences of insufficient sleep and long term anxiety are insurmountable. Insufficient sleep can result in a significantly shorter lifespan, difficulty processing information and remembering things, hormonal disorders, muscle aches and increase the risk factor of almost every pathology. Long term anxiety gradually destroys the endocrine system, until a person can no longer regulate their emotions. This too is a risk factor for countless pathologies, and significantly worsens health. These destructive conditions are commonplace for todays youth, all because of a system that is failing them. That fails to hear their voice.

To conclude, I implore you to hear my voice, and the voices of all the students suffering in silence. The younger generation is gradually getting destroyed by crushing anxiety, sleepless nights and a lack of enjoyable enrichment. We need to rethink education, on behalf of the generation that will govern the world when we are old.