Dear Miss/Mister Minister of education,
                    I fully agree teenage brains are not like adults. Studies from teenage psychology teams show that 90% of teenagers wake up later than any other age group. Their brain is more active and focused during the night leading to increased productivity later in the evening compared to the productivity that appears in the mornings which is lower by 65%. Education systems (mainly high schools) where teenagers spend 5-8 hours a day learning are programmed to fit the adult teachers schedule and brain more than the teenagers themselves. Since productivity spikes at night teenagers are left feeling restless when they have to wake up at 6-7am to prepare for school when they are exaughsged from having an overactive brain all night ultimately leading to them waking up later usually making teenagers late for school and ending up being punished. Should they really be punished for something they cannot control? It's common knowledge that nobody works to their full potential whilst being tired. This is why I believe schools should accommodate more for teenagers by starting later in the day around 9-10am and ending at maybe 5-7pm. Having the school system this way will decrease laziness (tiredness) in the classroom, increase learning enjoyment and reduce stress on teenagers making them less likely to lash out or get into trouble.
Attention spans of teenagers are lower than adults making it harder to stay focused on one task, especially when the tasks are boring which is why I encourage you to inforce teachers to be more understanding to the pupils which will gain them some respect from them as they are making an effort to try understand which studies show this will lead to students trying harder to focus. Perhaps making lessons funner and more teenager friendly will amplify the results of these changes also increasing their grades and again their behaviour, as they aren't bored, have a reason to learn, and won't be exaughsged.
Technology is bigger than ever right now, and as we all know it is mainly aimed towards teenagers especially social media. As it is convinent and easy to socialise. The teenagers in this generation have grew up with this technology it is a staple in most teenagers everyday life which is why I believe it is atrocious to deprive them of this social media during break times and lunch times. If teenagers don't want to use it in their free time that should be their choice, and their choice alone. Forcing them to socialise with people they might not want to for entertainment is only going to annoy them and depress them . For most teenagers they find it hard to socialise. This its due to the hormonal stress their bodies are under which can. make many teenagers angry leading them to bully others. Bullying affects 85% of teens and the impacts of this is drastic as it is leading to social anxiety, loneliness , and depression leaving many teens to rely on technology for comfort, to socialise, and to not be bullied. In lots of schools children will be bullied for being alone at school but being busy with something such as a phone gives them a reason to be alone making it less depressing for them and less of a target for bullying.
Adults will never understand what it's like to be a teen in this new generation which is why we cannot expect them to behave and react how we did when we were in school. The best thing we can do is adapt to help them reach their full potential. 

p.s please take this into consideration and thank you for your time. -your sincerely