Dear Minister for Education,
My name is [NAME A] and I’m writing to you today to enquire about why education needs a radical re-think to meet the needs of students.

Why should we keep students in a routine that doesn’t work for them? Have you ever asked a student why they have so many gaps in their attendance?

I have spoken to your students and have understood from their explanation that they don't feel the need to come into a class where they could do online. Many of your students have the exact same opinions. Let me tell you about [NAME B]. [NAME B] states that he ‘feels more comfortable when [he] can do online classes at [his] own time without anyone pressurizing [him] to work at a specific time or with someone interrogating you through their eyes across the room’. I completely understand his point of view and I’m hoping that you will too.

Certain kids lack prominent skills like social skills. If you were socially anxious would you liked to be picked on to share an answer that you don't know? Wouldn’t you feel more comfortable to go home take a class on the topic, learn it and then come in the next day and feel less anxious about answering?

Even the news has stated that 69% of parents have complained to the department of education that ‘active classes hour after hour have had a massive toll on their kids’. I ask for you to put yourself in a students shoes. Imagine; you have trouble waking up early in the morning, you don't have friends, you get screamed at by your teacher for coming late, you find it difficult to learn in short periods. Isn’t easier to wake up at your own time, watch a video and learn yourself? 

However I do agree that not all kids work like this. Some kids do find coming into school a better way to learn. But shouldn’t there be an option to work for everyone. Make classes online and in person. It’s not about the teachers, it’s about the students. They are the ones who suffer. 

Please take your students and my own thoughts into consideration as It’s them who’s lives your dealing with. It’s up to you to make a change in their lives and put their struggles to rest. It’s their\ mental health. Their life. Their future. 

Kind regards, [NAME A]