A faint spiral in the distance, meant the end of the world.

As i sat there, on the rotted mangled wooden boards, as the skys tears dribbled down into my welly boots making my toes like ice, my thoughts spiralled, just like how the horizon did, and i couldn't seem to untangle them.

My shipmates all laid around me, their coats wrapped around them as tight as they could be, like pigs in blankets. All of them still, like the cliffs in the horizon, scared to move a muscle, or just scared to think at all.

Blue waves crashed like the rhythmic beat of a drum in all directions as far as the eye could see, the white foamy froth dancing on top of the water like ice skaters on ice. The monstrous waves were hungry, they were devouress and could not hold out much longer, nor could me and my crew. 

My hair plastered my face like paint, slow drips of salty water ran down my face in rivulets, racing each other to their foreign end. The salt on my lips reminded me of how this would all end, the salt was something in these past years i have become to hate, the thought makes me sick with rage and despair.

My throat was dry as sandpaper and my eyes stung like acid, my hands were numb yet i clasped the rope in my hands, they raw already and couldn't get much worse. I heaved for what felt like hours, yet i knew was only a minute. The time dragged on, faster than i could haul this rope up from the side of the ship.

The sky was an evil shade of darkness, it could smell my fear with its wispy finger like claws, the grey void felt like it was closing in on me, my crew, our boat, and my thoughts, i wondered how much longer i could hold out.

The wind battered me and knocked the air out of my lungs, the smell of salt wouldn't leave my head, making me woozy and nauseous. The cliffs in the distance weren't so still anymore, rocks toppled off into the distant sea below, eager to leave this rotten world behind and succumb to the seas wrath. Maybe in the end that would be the fate for all of us.

My hands and feet grew number, the rope tore into my skin and i heaved and heaved, i wasn't the strongest on the crew yet i had to do this by myself. More rope bundled onto the deck as the sky grew darker, the spiral moved closer and the hours ticked by. 

The whistle in my ear from the wind would not rest, and i started to think it may be like this forever, constantly reminding me of this harrowing day, that so many could not escape from.

At last i hauled something over the side of the boat, my final crewmate, ready to take him and the other back to land, yet i was the only one who could retell this fateful day.