The writer uses language to describe the orchard at dusk as a place almost supernaturally serene, picturesque and calming. 

In the beginning of the extract, the writer immediately immerses the reader into the scene using visual imagery, and creates a comfortable and inviting atmosphere. This is employed through the use of inventive similes, such as depicting the trees as 'like thoughtful old friends', and the apples as if 'carrying a small piece of the sun'. The latter simile portrays the atmosphere as surreal, as it is impossible to carry a piece of the sun, however the beauty and the tranquility of the atmosphere make it appear to do so. 

As the extract progresses, the writer uses a range of sensory detail to fully immerse the reader in their surroundings, and to emphasise that every aspect of their visit shared the same serene feeling. For example, the writer states 'the air felt charged and alive', and 'the grass beneath (their) boots shimmered'. These are not things ordinarily noticed, therefore these descriptions call the reader's attention to the fact that every facet of this visit is beautiful - even the most mundane things are elevated to elegance. Additionally, throughout source A, the writer uses a semantic field of colour to fully depict the sunset, using words and phrases such as 'honey', 'golden-red', 'crimson clouds', 'burnt orange' and 'pale lavender'. This effectively enables the reader to visualise the scene, creating a picturesque image of calming, warm colours lighting the sky and embracing the writer. In the middle of the extract, the writer also notes how 'time seemed to move differently, stretching and slowing'. This further portrays the atmosphere as surreal, illustrating the serenity to be so powerful it overcomes the laws of nature. The setting is so powerfully beautiful, the writer is fully immersed in its beauty to the extent time seems to slow.

At the end of the extract, the writer explains in depth how the serene, tranquil atmosphere of the orchard invites their own self reflection, and further visits for that same feeling. The writer states that they felt 'a sudden, unexpected joy', noting that thoughts of 'routine and responsibility' lost their weight. This is relatable to the reader, as they would have also felt similar feelings, and are able to understand how the writer is feeling in this moment - how the serenity of the atmosphere is shaping their thoughts and feelings to something far more pleasant than what they face ordinarily.