Studies have shown that over 40% of students experience mental stress and fatigue due to the effects of school. Monstrous piles of homework and boring lectures from teachers providing no actual knowledge to students. Why should we send our children to school if they are not actively getting better, we all want them to go to develop mental resilience, physical toughness and intellectual abilities, but with the current state of the education system that is far from possible.

Our generation was completely different to the generation today, the new generation are nothing like us, immense change has occurred over the last 40 years: technological developments, environmental efforts, social development. We have changed; however one thing that has not is the education system, we sat in those chairs 30 years ago listening to lectures, exasperated from the knowledge forced on us by our teachers but we could not do anything about it. However the age and day has changed, so why has school not? Children still go to school and learn just how we did 30 years ago, without change. We adults may never realise the true difficulties of being a teenager in this era , me, you or anybody, teenagers have to endure long hours of school, multiple different lessons, bickering between teachers, friends and family, all while maintaining a clean academic record and balancing extracurricular activities. We are not the same as them. School needs a refurbishment to fit the needs of these children and teenagers.

The standards of education are unbearable for students at the moment. 

It has been scientifically shown by neuroscientists at Cambridge that attention span of the modern generation has decreased, over 40% of students(teenagers) have trouble focusing with the developments of technology and the possession of handheld devices in almost every teenager's life. It makes me indignant to see that whilst this is occurring, teachers are not doing anything to change their methods of teaching. The same presentations remain from the last 40 years, despite this immense change in general life. The education system must make a change to cope with this which it is not doing right now. Furthermore, the education system will need to develop fresh ideas to cope with the new generations ideas of socialism. Social media, such as Tiktok, are modern websites used by the newer generation to socialise, creating a socialising focus online, in turn this has led to less focus in lessons, lectures and even at home whilst doing school activities. Education itself needs a change, it needs to be more welcoming, more societal and more community based. Education needs to make children not just want better test scores,  but feel like family with their school members to create that focus. 

As a child, I received devastating amounts of homework, but compared to the malevolent amounts of homework today, it seemed like a gift from God looking back. Bundles of books, letters and worksheets overflow their minuscule backpacks. How can students receive sufficient hours of sleep with this much work? Sleep is the forefather of everything, energy, happiness, even productivity. Students are expected to complete this homework, sleep over 10 hours, and show up to face a dreary 7 hours of school after that without a nudge on their face? Furthermore,  it seems like while we may live tough lives through work, we are still able to enjoy some aspects of life, however at this very instance in teenagers, they cannot even do activities they show passion in because of the education system. Some may argue that when it comes to our age, we can survive with less sleep than them so they need to prepare early for those situations in life. This may be right however it is inherently wrong because these students are still growing and with these large amounts of homework from the school system leading to diminished hours of sleep, growth of students is plummeting as well. 

In conclusion, the education system must have severe changes in the way it operates, due to so many factors: the increased stress levels in students, the large amounts of homework given and even the types of teaching used. All these contribute towards the negativity of the student. We should consider each student as an individual with an opportunity to succeed in life, to surpass us. This is the future generation we are building. How can we build the legion of men and women of our future if our school system is leading to 40% of students experiencing mental stress.