as the boat began to drift out to sea, she looked back one final time at the island. the shore was still lined with the same huts and houses, painted in charming colours- sky blue, mustard yellow, forest green. they created an artificial rainbow along the seafront, climbing up the island. She could even spot her old house, a charming cottage with a thatched roof painted a dusty pink, nestled into the mountainside about halfway up.

she looked at the house at the top of the mountain, a deep red colour, proclaiming it's importance at the top of the island, ruling over everything below. It clashed with the sky, a deep grey that was begining to engulf the island and hide it behind fog rolling in over the sea, making the vibrant array of colours on the island seem duller, a monotone display of greys and blacks shown off to those arriving. 

She turned her head away from the island, and looked out to sea. The waves had become bigger than before, the wind blowing them in all directions, lashing onto the small ship she was on. The boat was like a rocking horse, thrown to and fro over the depths of the sea, struggling to stay afloat. she held onto the railing at the side , and watched the swirling waves churn beneath her, tossing them around as casually as throwing a ball, yet with the raw strength of an ape.

looking around the boat, her companions were a man of maybe fourty with deep brown eyes complimented by scruffy hair, a woman with two children, all which had an air of discomfort and fear were all sitting together on the other side of the boat, huddled together on the deck, eyes wide and terrified. As well, she spotted a large group of girls, maybe in their late twenties, sat together, huddled like a flock of sheep. 

The next moment, the sky opened up and it began to rain. a heavy drop fell onto her head and moments later, it was pelting straight at her, making it hard to see or move. Then, somewhere in the distance she saw a bright flash of light and then a low booming sound surrounded her, a deafening noise, like a deep growl. The ship shook and turned, scrambling to get up once again every minute, and all she could hear was the noise of rain heavily hitting the boat, accompanied with the sound of a thunderous noise not long after a flash of bright white light. 

but the next time the light flashed and illuminated the cold, dark sea, she saw an island in the distance.