To the Minister for Education,
Teenagers are not like adults; they have a extremely different way of living and a different routine they carry out to live their lives. We need stop treating adults and teenagers as the same people and start realizing that they need different educational needs to get the best out of life and their time are school. Now is the time - the time for a change and a difference in learning techniques for those in secondary school compared to university and higher education.

It was about three years ago, early autumn, school just began. It was my first year in secondary school but my sister just started university. Most people say they we are extremely different. She was asleep by 1am but I was by 9pm; she was always out with friends, where I wasn't; she had learnt everything from school, where I hadn't. I was really struggling to understand my English classes, even when I asked my teacher I still did not get it. However, my sister was getting support she needed from teachers and other websites recommended by the university for external revision, where I had no clue where to even start. What was I supposed to do? It carried on throughout my secondary school years so where university students had learnt the independence and the ability to learn at a faster rate, they exceeded, whereas, those in secondary didn't get the extensive support needed, we suffered. 

Everyone is different - education is different. People need different support because of their different lives affecting their ability to be educated.

Who does this impact you might ask? Well, firstly, university students. Even though they do gain the ability to research independently and become a independent adult, people who may not be getting enough sleep or those who are too afraid to socialize with other or even ask the professor for help, what do they get? Panic. Fear. This brings down the rate of success for students, just because of different learning styles between when they were once teenage student in secondary schools compared to being adults. Also, what about secondary school students? Social media has brought a huge increase in stress in teenagers. This brings an inability to focus in classes and fear for exams. This leads this generation to failure and not being able to achieve their goals for the future. How can we fix this? Specific support for both adults and teenagers in education. This helps everyone as everyone is different so targeted supported every few months allow students to address any worries they have. Also, targeted teaching or extra classes to those who have a lower score in homework or exams, gives them a real chance to be successful - no matter of sleep schedule, social circle or ability to learn. 

There are many different types of learning - the three most common ones in education are: kinesthetic, visual and verbal. Perhaps, for those who need targeted help, we can work out which learning style is best for them and try to help them in a way, which can help the learning go into their memory.

Adults often sleep later than teenagers, however, teenagers often go out more than adults. This proves that they are not the same. They are different. So why should they be taught is the same way? It does not benefit anyone. If we can do something, now it the time!

Thank you.