The writer describes the orchard at dusk as being out of this world, almost like it posesses power. The metaphor "each fruit glowed a deep golden-red, as though it carried a small piece of the sun within it" makes it sound as if the orchard is magical and allows the writer an escape from reality. the verb "glowed" makes it sound as though the orchard is guiding the way, like a symbol of hope and reassurance. the noun "sun" is a powerful star that everything in our solar system oribts around. its almost as if this strong influencial star gives the writer strength that they are going to take with them into later life to become successful, like the orchard is giving them belief in themselves.  

The writer also describes the orchard at dusk as being an escape from reality when it is personified as seeming to "breathe along with me, steady and unhurried". It is almost as if the orchard is a safe haven for the writer, somewhere where they can go to take a deep breath and get away from the hardships in life. the preposition "with" connotes togetherness and friendship in nature. this makes the orchard sound other worldly because nature is helping the writer as if nature was a real person. this could symbolise the writer becoming more alive in nature, more alert, so they can go back into the real world with more perspective to thrive.

The writer also describes the orchard as being somewhere where the natural way things are dont apply because time seems slower. the simile "like honey dripping from a spoon" used to describe time passing connotes the writer being able to slow down and relax. its almost as if nature is looking after them by allowing them to take a breath and care for themselves. the noun "honey" is something considered a natural phenomenon. this could literally mean the writer thinks the experience is rare and something that should be cherished. metaphorically however, the writer may feel as though they are experiencing a change within themselves, like they are becoming more alive because honey is a symbol of life. Perhaps the orchard has changed their identity and perspective on life and the world forever because of the effect nature had on them due to it being beyond anything humans can recreate in their own world and reality.