Dear Minister for Education,

I am writing to you to express my views on the differences between teenagers and adults, and the different sleep times and socialising techniques both adults and teenagers have.
First of all, children become teenagers at the age of 13; therefore, teenagers from this age can not be treated as adults. Early teens have a different approach to learning and socialising, this is because teenagers are the next stage of being a child, which means that they may learn quicker visually and take longer to process information than adults. Many teenagers may socialise contrasting from adults, for example, placing a teenager in a room full of strangers their age, no one would speak. This normal. Teenagers are only transitioning; they have not met the real world. Whereas adults tend to socialise a lot more, for instance, going to the supermarket, job interviews and get-togethers. Adults have more interactions with different types of people every day, which makes them more comfortable in socialising. Hence, I am making my point that teenagers and adults should not be treated the same in socialising and learning.

Furthermore, teenagers are going through an immense load of hormones, mood swings that can cause them to go off track and find situations difficult to handle. Especially with girls, who are starting their menstrual cycle, this can be difficult for a teenager to experience something entirely new. In contrast, adults have had time to acclimate. Adults and teenagers should have different sleep schedules. Teenagers are at their peak time of growth and rebuilding, and at this moment, sleep is essential. Therefore, teenagers should be asleep maximum at 10 pm, whereas adults have grown and developed, which means that they can sleep later; however, it is important to have at least 7-8 hours of sleep per day.

In conclusion, I hope you take into account that adults and teenagers should not be treated the same, and they both have very different lifestyles.

Yours faithfully,
Student