Dear Sir,

I am a GCSE student writing to you today to express my concerns regarding the education of teenagers in todays society. I believe the current education system is out-dated and unethical, it is made by adults who do not understand the way children in Secondary Schools behave and process information.

Firstly, teenagers learn in drastically different ways than adults. We need fun, engaging activities, rather than being sat in a cold, plain classrooms, being moaned at for hours on end, as well as being shouted at for incorrect uniform, talking to friends, expressing ourselves and being shoved into a box of what schools think is what the perfect student should be. 9 in every 10 students in British Secondary Schools said they would prefer going to school if they could wear their own clothes and not be controlled by the schooling system.  As long as the chosen items of clothing, jewellery or make up is not offensive it really doesn't effect anyone else's lives or learning.

As well as this, learning 10 different subjects all at once, for 3 years and then not needing a majority of them for further life is useless. Your frontal lobe in your brain does not develop until you're 25, so children from the age of 11 plus are still developing and trying to grasp an understanding of the world around them, so being bombarded constantly with new information can be overwhelming and confusing. Over 90% of students in the UK do not want to take all of the mandatory subjects for GCSE, including the sciences, higher levels of English and Mathematics and in some schools, languages. This leads to a decreased motivations in schools with children being forced to take subjects they do not enjoy.

Some people may say that taking all of the mandatory subjects is necessary. But this is wrong, as studies at the University of Oxford show that students are better behaved, contribute more to lessons and understand material better in a subject they enjoy. This also helps students find career opportunities in the future doing things they find fun and stimulating.

Finally, the current school timings, of around 8:45 to 3:30 is ridiculous. Teenagers are recommended at least 9 hours of sleep per night. However, with school timings, this becomes impossible. Students with after school activities may not get home until maybe 6 or 7 pm. They then still have to eat dinner, shower and then they are still forced to stay up doing the hours of compulsory homework and revision schools impose on students. It then becomes impossible to get a good nights rest before the blaring alarm goes of in the morning to go to school. Students are then sat in lessons for 5 hours at least, with only an hour and so to socialise with friends and eat within a closed environment. I personally particularly struggle to fit in all my school work and revision for PPEs after school and in my free time while also trying to rest and enjoy time with my family.

Overall, Schools should become a warm and accepting place, with more freedom for students and later, shorter hours to a custom for teenagers lives and rest. Basic Mathematics and English should be taught to all students as it is important to have such skills, however it should not be taught to such a difficult extent to those who do not wish to use it in further life.