In source A, the purpose of the orchard experience is to allow the narrator to reminisce on their past. For example, as soon as they arrive their "thoughts turned to the year that had passed". This shows the reflecting on their actions and choices over the year. This could be because an Orchard - containing trees and animals - represents life symbolising a new and improved beginning. To contrast, in source B, the purpose of the orchard experience, is to learn about the care the nature needs to survive. This is because they need "attention" and "respect" as they provide us with fruit. This is necessary to benefit communities and provide them with healthy and good quality fruit. Additionally, the labour is tiresome so we need to respect the "orchard-keepers" as they are putting in a lot of effort to preserve the environments.

In source A, the atmosphere of the orchard is presented as fantastical but simultaneously protective. This is shown as the trees are personified as "silent guardians". This suggests they are watching over and protecting the narrator. This could imply that each visit is building the narrator to be a strong and more determined character as they feel more confident each time they arrive at the orchard. In source B, the atmosphere is presented as cherished and preserved. This is because the "orchard-keeper" knows how to take care of the variety of trees as they are "properly assessed". This is done to ensure each species of plant is getting the treatments they need such as "pruning" or "shelter" when the seasons change. 

In source A, the relationship between the orchard and the narrator is intimate. Their strong bond is conveyed by the simile "like thoughtful old friends". The adjective thoughtful emphasises their strong link and connection as they always wonder about each other. In source B, the relationship between the orchard and the narrator is moderately close. This is because the writer only wants to ensure the nature is taken care of instead of feeling a strong connection. They also feel the orchard makes them feel liberty. This is because they feel caring for nature gives them "patience". Not only because they take a while to grow, but also to link to real world situations.