In source A, the writer's perspective of the orchard is a warm and peaceful place to relax and collect their thoughts. The darkness did 'not feel threatening' and the narrator felt an 'unexpected joy'. This shows the sentimental love that they feel for the orchard. Furthermore, in their 'years since, that evening has stayed with' them. This phrase further emphasises the personal connection that the narrator felt with that orchard. 'The branches overhead arched like silent guardians'. The simile 'like silent guardians' portrays the extent of how safe the narrator feels within the presence of the orchard, even during nighttime. The adjective 'silent' further evokes the tranquil and peaceful setting. Source A is structured to build up the writers connection with the orchard as the passage progresses.

In source B however, rather than a personal connection felt by the narrator, it is an economic connection. Phrases such as 'costly errors' and 'limits food production' express that the narrator only thinks about their economic opportunities when relating to the orchard. Furthermore, 'best results' and 'reduces yield' also objectifies the orchard and only considers material gain rather than a living system. The writer begins the extract by talking only about profits and professions that can be made by the orchard.

However, towards the end of source B, the writer states, 'an orchard is not a machine but a living system' and 'success depends not on force, but on understanding'. The use of the words 'understanding' and 'living' suggest that the writer acknowledges that they should show the orchard respect and not objectify it for only economic benefits. These phrases were tactically inserted by the writer to inform people to take care in their crops and nature as they are also living.

Both sources end by linking the orchard to 'attention' and 'patience'. In source A, this 'patience' and 'attention' is through observing the orchard and in source B this 'patience' and 'attention' is through 'steady work and thoughtful planning' in relation to maximising economic benefits.

Both source A and B explore very different perspectives towards the orchard. In source A it is a more sentimental feeling and in source B the orchard is seen mostly as an economic opportunity but also a reminder to treat orchards and other plants with care and 'understanding' rather than 'force'.