Whilst in Source A, the writer initially feels a sense of wonder and grounding through the shift in the setting of the orchard, the writer eventually feels a sense of joy and realisation through the true meaning behind the orchard; in Source B, the writer initially makes the maintenance of the orchard appear confusing and on-going, the writer eventually reveals the reason the maintenance of an orchard is this way. In Source A, the writer states "I could not have said why it mattered" which suggests the writers sense of confusion and curiosity of what the reason behind the orchard was. The personification in "it was as if the orchard itself were waiting" suggests that something is bound to happen but the writer can only wonder what that something is. The mystery of the orchard is made apparent very early on which is what initiates the writer feeling a sense of wonder. Also, the writer uses a hyperbole in "the orchard became the whole of my world" to suggest that for a moment the only focus in the writer's life was the orchard. Not only could this suggest the power of the mystery of the orchard but also the importance of it as it is now the centre of the writer's life. The alliteration in "stretching and slowing" shows how when the writer is in the presence of the orchard her life begins to move at a steady pace. This could imply that when the writer is in the presence of the orchard, all other distractions from the outside world almost seem to disappear; this in turn makes the writer feel grounded.   The simile "like honey dripping from a spoon" further supports this idea of the steadiness the orchard evokes in the writer's life. However, the writer uses personification when describing the orchard to be breathing "steady" and "unhurried" suggesting that this is a natural change and is supposed to appear as calming compared to other distractions. The writer then felt a "sudden, unexpected joy" and the adjective "sudden" suggests this change was immediate and couldn't have been predicted. Also, the simile "like silent guardians" suggests the feelings evoked by the orchard have always lingered but requires true attention to notice it and to be able to truly feel those feelings. The writer's realisation is revealed  through the asyndetic listing "attention, patience, return" which reveals the lesson in which the orchard is there to teach to those who enter it. The phrase "joy does not always announce itself loudly" suggests that the orchard is just one example of where joy can come from and often joy is found in the most mundane aspects of life and it takes true attention to notice it. Contrastingly, in Source B the writer describes the maintenance of an orchard as confusing through the impossible standards that must be met. The comparison of "excess moisture encourages rot" to "earth that is too dry produces fruit that is hard" shows the precise conditions of just the land of an orchard which must be met in order for success. Also, the care for an orchard is presented as ongoing as the keeper "studies the ground closely" and must have "steady commitment". The adjective "steady" suggests this care must be consistent and requires full attention  and the short sentence "These threats must not be ignored." demonstrates the importance of this commitment. The writer's use of multiple paragraphs which each state and describe another focus within maintenance of orchards also suggests that this care is ongoing and there are multiple aspects which must be taken into consideration. However, despite the effort that must go into the care for an orchard the writer reveals the reason behind it. The imagery of the fruit reflecting "the care and foresight invested in it" suggests the results will be noticeable eventually but it takes time and consistency for the results to be seen. This is further emphasised by the verb "invested" which suggests this is a long process. The writer states the orchard teaches "attention, restraint, and respect for natural limits" which reveals the purpose behind the ongoing and confusing maintenance of the orchard. This implies the orchard is used as evidence for learning how to not force something to be its best but in understanding how to achieve that through being patient and paying attention. Therefore, whilst in Source A the orchard reveals the joy that is evoked from the mundane aspects of life, in Source B the orchard reveals the importance of being committed and patient towards anything.