The writer begins this extract in media-res, allowing the readers to experience the differentiation between the reality of the world and the tiny place where the library places itself, almost cut off, waiting for those who wish to find it to have the opportunity to explore. Immediately, “ as though the building had quietly withdrawn from the world outside” . This highlights the experience and thrill readers immediately feel not only in real like, but the building tension for the readers of the extract, excitement and adrenaline waiting to see what the library has to offer. From the beggining, the extract presents the library as something magical, a phenomenon waiting to be discovered sharing all of the ancient texts; the writer carries this theme of discovery and exploration throughout, leading to the vivid imagery imagining what books are placed throughout. Where can the reader go to delve into more. 


The writer continues with the theme of drawing the readers in by creating an atmosphere of helplessness and point of no return once you are hooked into the basuty of the library. The writer interest the reader as it almost exemplifies the sheer size and capabilities of books you can find; “it was easy to imagine losing your sense of direction”. The wrtier masterfully uses this as a way to draw the readers n, creating vivid imagery where readers themeselves can almost imagine themselves delving in to books and stories. However, the wrtier then juxtaposes this by implying that the answers Nina was desperately searching for cannot be found. The tension and suspense rising for her to find her purpose almost immediately dissipates creating a moment of pause and sadness. A moment of doubt for both Nina and the reader. Finally, this suspense is then built up again as the writer  carries the cyclical structure “while another story quietly begun” the use of books and the presence of the library creating stories that hook the reader is then displayed as the atmosphere and the feeling of joyfulness is carried with the inspiration of the library that Nina feels throughout.