I agree with this statement, 'From the moment Nia reaches the table, the writer creates a sense of unease and watchfulness. Despite her initial hesitation, by the end it seems she has found the courage to begin something new.' 

Up until towards the end of the text, Nia is cautious and she is worried about what is going to happen, almost fearful. 'heart beating heavily in her chest'. 
This quote is after she hers a creak in the library and it shows she is panicked by it, her heart races like anyones does when they get scared or nervous. 

However, she listens more and when she doesn't get anymore noises, she calms down and admits that she believes the library isn't hostile but is aware she is there.

'Tension eased but she remains alert'. This quote is another reason i agree with the previous statement. It states that her tensions from her nervousness of her surroundings have disapeared but she still remains aware of the dangers. She has become comfortable in her surrounds and then proceeds to sit down and get her notebook out. If she was still scared she wouldn't get out her notebook and stay in the same place.

The writer shows her change of confidence by the length of the sentences. the writer uses long describing sentences and paragraphs to show how she's nervous. The tone seems cautious in these like she has to be quiet. Then then temp speeds up when she's gained confidence. 
'She wondered what most people came here hoping to find. Answers, perhaps. Or reassurance. Or simply time enough to think. The thought lingered longer than she expected.'
 This quote is the 2 line paragraph in between the describing paragraphs, it shows she calmed down enough to think and rapid thoughts come in. The writer uses short sentences to convey this. 

In conclusion, i fully agree with the statement. She had to gain confidence to be able to sit down and write in the library, i believe this could be a metaphor to having the confidence to try new things and don't let your fears stop you from progressing.