It was October 30th 1965 on a peaceful Saturday, the smell of my wife's freshly baked cookies was in the air the laughter of my grandchildren was all around the house, what more could I ask for this was my idea of perfect. In fact after what I have experienced anything with clean water and decent food was perfect. If you have ever experienced what it was like to be a solider in the war you will know, it is far from pleasant , it is the opposite of pleasant. The constant smell of rotten flesh and gunpowder in the battelfields, the ugly sights of teammates being blown up, the guilt of not being able to do much more to help, being unable to end the suffering, its like a living nightmare. Nothing there was pleasant not even making it out alive. I mean I am most certainly grateful I had survived such a brutal war. But... it still haunts me. I still have nightmares. I still flinch at loud noises. Its like I'm living in my own personal Hell except not matter how much I pray it doesn't leave! It doesn't go away! The thoughts are constantly In the back of my mind no matter how hard I try to ignore them.
"John. John. John! Wake up" my wife shouted, knocking me out of my deep thoughts. "there's someone at the door for you" she said
"who would be at the door for me on a Saturday afternoon" I replied back filled with confusion and uncertainty. 
I get up off of my armchair ,within milliseconds which is weird my knees don't move that fast, making my way to the door my stomach turned and chimes preparing itself for the unknown sweat dripping on my forehead. I just knew it was bad... the door slowly opened revealing two soilders in uniform, guns by their side, they mean business.
Soilder 1 spoke first "Johnathon hopper.." he took a long pause before speaking again amplifying the sweat on my forehead, it was bad, .
"who has died" I quickly spat out without hesitation. I couldn't bare waiting for him to open his mouth, I needed to know. I needed it to be over and done with.
Soilder 1 "nobody has died we are here to recruit you for war".
My heart sank to my stomach. My biggest fear was coming true. 
"this has to be a big mistake I'm nearly seventy years old, I'm too old for war" I protested.
Soilder 2 "does this seem like a joke to you Johnathon?" he asked clearly unimpressed by my statement. 
"of course not war is never a joke" I defensively replied before looking in the mirror. It was another sick and twisted nightmare about going to war. Even all these years later. Beep!beep!beep! my alarm shouted. I woke up startled, yet relived I had been saved from that awful nightmare.