The disparity between the perspective of the orchards is elucidated by the different attitudes of both writers. While the orchard connotates reassurance and nostalgia  as he always found himself "thinking about the orchard" whenever autumn approached which gracefully brings forward the peculiar bond between the writer and the apple orchard, it highlights the grim reality of other underprivileged people  as the same, unchanged orchid connotate the immense toil that results in the beautified fields. The writer of source B rigorously delves into the miniature, mostly overlooked intricacies that contributing to the beautiful end result, such as "proper land assessment" and soil that is  "firm and well- drained", undeniably bringing to the forefront the difference between both views of the different narrators as one depicts an ethereal state of mind while another presents the stringent  views of the field.

Both authors curate contrasting atmospheres of the fields, showing the differences in mindsets towards the orchards.
The writer of source A meticulously words the text to transport the reader to an abode that transcends beyond human comprehension as "each fruit glowed  a golden-red" as though "they carried a small piece of the sun within it". The enchanted description of the fruits through the simile that likens it to the glow of the magnificent sun emphasises the extraordinary appearance of the orchard which can be inferred to have left the writer awe struck. 
However, an austere atmosphere is introduced as the  purely transactional and relationship is highlighted. The  author of source B admits to how orchard labour "offers more than material gain" signifying how the writer always sought something back when he tended to the orchard, displacing the expected joy the writer was supposed to derive from them.

Both authors seem to have shared feeling of inexplicable joy derived from orchids despite their  contrasting perceptions of it. In source A, the writer's joy stems from the simplicity of the orchard and the re assurance it offered as he is reminded by the changing of seasons that "joy does not always announce itself loudly". By making the  abstract noun "joy" seem  like an abled body entity, the writer brings to the forefront the how to find solace in seemingly meaningless and often disregarded things, inculcating into the readers feelings of contentment and appreciation for the little that is available. Similarly, the author of Source B expresses the happiness derived from the aftermath of the physical toil and labour for the yields of the orchards as the "keeper finds satisfaction" knowing his land has been "treated with care." The unmeasurable feeling of delight the author experiences vicariously knowing someone finds satisfaction from his work equally echoes the idea of appreciation and acknowledgement.