POLICE ISSUES URGENT WARNING AFTER TEENS DISAPPEAR DURING STORM 

June 6th 2016 a strong storm is headed towards the south side of Chicago. Warning alerts have been sent to everyone to stay INDOORS!   

Yesterday on Daily Punctillio its been shown to be a code red of a heavy dangerous storm that is shown that its about to approach South side of Chicago all residents are told to stay away from Chicago beach as the waves are really strong that you can be washed away. This was a dangerous warning alert that went out to everyone and to even find out that people still attended to go watch the storm at the sea.

3 teenagers were spotted near the seaside throwing glass bottles into the sea while waves where crashing really deep. two of the teenagers decided to enter the water the strong wave with wind being at a speed of 230mph which is shown to be the highest wind speed of Chicago. The two teenagers are seemed to be missing and the police know that those teenagers got washed away by the sea. So all residents are now banned from the sea until further notices of the storm and the two teenagers. It is most likely that those teenagers are feared missing so we are sending warning alerts to all parents and carers to keep the children inside and safe away from the storm.

This was an extremely dangerous situation and people should of not been near the shoreline. According to the local authorities, the warning has been issued hours before the incident. This incident has shocked local residents. All polices are on petrol to guide the storm at the sea and to make sure no one goes near it so that no one else is getting washed away. 

This incident serves as a warning of the dangers by the extreme weather conditions again all residents are advised to stay at home!. This incident highlights the serious dangers of ignoring weather as we had two teenagers already ignore the warnings and are now washed away by the sea missing and we don't want anyone else missing like those two teenagers. Emergency services continue to monitor situation closely as families across the city wait anxiously for further updates of the storm at sea.