Both sources A and B provide very different perspective and interpretations of the Orchard, while Source A describes at magical, uplifting and positive atmosphere, Source B on the other hand suggests a more practical view of the Orchard, with the many difficulties and hard work that goes into maintaining it. 

For example Source A, states "glowed a deep golden red", which portrays how almost everything within the Orchard seemed to glow and illuminate, suggesting how the Orchard has some sort of magical element, that allows it to consume all those that enter it, filling them with positivity and optimism. The adjective 'golden' has connotations of luxury, valuable possession and wealth, which may imply how the speaker feels at peace in the Orchard, and how it gives them the power to look at the world with an alternative perspective. Source B on the other hand, factually states, "orchard keeper studies", this immediately sets the tone to be formal and factual, highlighting the writers emphasis that being an orchard keeper is an often overlooked but extremely important job. The noun, 'studies' again emphasises the  writers strong belief that an Orchard requires someone that can handle it with dedication, patience and diligence , suggesting the writers key viewpoint that taking responsibility of an Orchard is not an easy job. 

Towards the end of Source A, the text uses a simile in, "arched like silent guardians", which suggests how the speaker feels a sense of protection, guidance and relaxation in the Orchard. Implying, that the speaker feels a strong, unexplainable, connection with the Orchard, as if an unknown natural force surrounds them, protecting them from any threat. The adjective 'silent' introduces an ominous and mysterious element to the Orchard, which intrigues the reader to read more and uncover what mysteries may lay in the Orchard. Finally Source B contrasts Source A, by writing, "encourages disease", here the writer explains a dramatic consequence of someone failing to do their job correctly. This again highlights the speakers firm belief that this job requires dedicated, passionate and optimistic workers, who can work diligently without complain. The word 'disease' has connotations of contamination, ill health and disgust which all intensify the writer key theme of the difficulties and hard work in maintaining an Orchard.