The writer presents the orchard as dusk as safe. This is evident when the 'branches overhead arched like silent guardians.' This simile highlights the calm nature of the orchard. It suggest that there a peaceful rather protective atmosphere produced by the trees, as though they are shielding the writer. It makes it seem like the orchard is a sanctuary of peace and serenity, making it a secure shelter for the writer'. The noun 'guardians', further reinforces the safety as it suggests that the trees are almost forming some sort of barrier of the writer, sheathing him from any danger that may approach.  Therefore, conveying the orchard at dusk as a safe sanctuary for the writer to stay in.

Moreover, the orchard at dusk is depicted as beautiful. This is evident when the 'Crimson clouds gathered at the horizon, streaked with burnt orange and softened by pale lavender.' The use of colour imagery emphasises the kaleidoscopic beauty of the orchard. It is almost as if the orchard has become a living painting, creating a sense of majesty and abstractness in the looks of the orchard. This is further reinforced when the colours 'streaked', the verb highlighting a sense of artistic passion and delicacy. It suggests that the sky is almost being painted deliberately by this natural balance of mixture of colours, therefore depicting the orchard at dusk as beautiful through its calming balance of colours it produces.

Furthermore,  the orchard at dusk is portrayed to be fleeting. This is evident when the ' light had thinned, and the orchard was beginning to close itself to the day'. This metaphor creates a sense of intimacy and isolation. It suggests that the orchard has its own life beyond the surface level beauty it conveys. It almost suggests that at dusk, it becomes this sheltered private, realm, only open to the writer. This is further reinforced when the light 'thinned', the verb suggesting that the physical world is dissipating into the atmosphere, as thought it is withdrawing to a state of rest. Therefore depicting the orchard as dusk as fleeting.