Dear Minister of education,
I am here to present the worrying factors of our future generations on how their education systems are effecting them emotionally and physically. The way schools are run today are not effective in the ways that can support children in the environment they are growing up in. Children today are maturing in a world that none of us have grown up in so we need to make sure that they get the support they need to they can become their Best selves.
My biggest concern is that schools don't align with  healthy sleeping patterns that can upkeep with the absurd amount of stress and work children have to deal with with? Surely you wouldnt want your child’s health to be affected? Around the Uk most schools expect their pupils to arrive for registration at approximately 8:30 in the morning suggesting that most kids would have to wake up at around 6:30am just to get to school in time. This is extremely unrealistic because of the fact that children between the ages of 9-16 need around 10 hours of sleep, setting us for a bedtime of around 8:30pm. How are children meant to upkeep this expectation without keeping in mind what time the child gets home alongside homework and chores. This is why 60% of secondary school students suffer from sleep deprivation. Sleep deprivation is a serious condition because it massively affects the brain, making it release less serotonin, ultimately decreasing the mood of your child. That isn’t right. Children deserve a bright and joyful childhood and that is being taken away from them. It is also clinically proven that children waking up in early hours of the morning effects attention span and social skills. How are the youth expected to function in their studies in this state?
This is factually supported as the education systems in many countries are more advanced. For example in Finland, schoools approximately start around 10am, allowing students to be able to get up at a reasonable time and be able to function at schools. Foonderlauf school in Finland  has one of the highest performing students in the whole of Europe, and this is what they claim help them achieve this: 
-They encourage peer interaction between their students making workshops specialising in group projects. This highly improves social skills and wellbeing of students making them more likely to contribute in class, increasing overall exam performances
-Allowing the students to start later in the day and work in shorter intervals improves wellbeing just as much as attention span will improve and students are less likely to suffer from, conditions like depression and anxiety.
However i think it should be taken into consideration that not all teenagers are the same and others thrive in different conditions. As well as the idea that school shouldn’t be changed for this as overall it is a preparation for adult life.
It also should be taken into consideration account that changing school start times or redesigning education is difficult, expensive and complex, however i think it can be achieved if taken one step at a time. As a society we would have to make sure that making these changes wouldnt decrease the overall expectations and standards that are upheld in school, hopefully not effecting exam outcomes and future opportunities.
I thank you for your time and i hope that my suggestions could be taken into accountability for the sake of our future generations.