Both writer's describe their remarkably different perspectives on the orchard. In Source A, in the beginning, the writer describes a personal and emotional relationship with the orchid. The writer does this by describing the orchid as a peaceful and lively place. We see this in the lines "the trees stood in neat rows, stooped like thoughtful old friends" and "it was as if the orchard itself were waiting." These lines convey the idea that the orchid is a personal and quiet haven for the writer. The imagery of the "trees stood in neat rows" and the personification of the orchid makes us believe that the orchid is special and meaningful to the writer. 

Whereas, in Source B, the writer starts off by describing the ways to keep an orchid alive and healthy. He does this in order to imply to the readers that the orchid is a carefully balanced system that needs care. We see this in the lines "the careful orchard-keeper studies the ground closely, observing where water gathers after rain and where the soil dries too quickly in summer." The imagery used in these lines tells us that he believes the orchid is a manages and reserved place that needs constant maintenance, which implies that he also has a special and meaningful connection with the orchid.

Later, both writers talk about the meaning an orchid has on their life. In Source A, the writer talks about how he goes to the orchid to remind himself of peace and to forget about his worries. We see this in the lines "i carry its warmth like a small flame, steady against distraction and noise." The simile of "like a small flame" portrays the idea that the orchid is warm, comforting and bright and that he goes there to get away from the "distraction and noise" in his life. 

Whereas, in Source B, the writer talks about how he thinks that maintaining an orchid teaches many important life lessons. He does this in the lines "it teaches attention, restraint, and respect for natural limits[...] evidence of steady work and thoughtful planning." He uses verbs and adjectives like "attention",  "restraint", "respect", "steady work" and "thoughtful planning," which implies that he sees it as a valuable lesson in life and one must learn from the qualities of an orchid-keeper like himself.