plan:
SA: education system applies too much pressure on kids in todays world as they are left with not much time for hobbies and interests without being drained from never ending school work mixed with unavoidable late nights
ANEC - a girl grades drop etc...

Dear Minister for Education,
As a recent retired secondary school teacher, I am writing to you today to address the rising problem of the pressures the educational system place on young lives today. I was struck when I noticed the school kids I was surrounded by everyday barely being able to function due to the burden of school that they were constantly carrying with them. There is a failure to address the detrimental impacts of the pressures of the educational system: constantly tired school kids; lack of time for hobbies; school grades dropping. As you are someone who has the power to sway peoples opinions, it is important that you stop ignoring the detrimental impacts of the pressures of the educational system on young kids today, and be more responsible going forward.

Envisage this: 15 year old [NAME A] - tired and worried - struggling to pay attention in class due to her constant late nights from attempting to balance an abundance of school work and still playing sports outside of school. For a short while she thought this feeling of tiredness wouldn't last long and would eventually begin to fade away. Little does she know that this is now her everyday life. As a result her school grades began to drop as she could no longer keep up with the amount of school work she had to complete whilst also continuing to play her sports outside of school. Now, this may 'just' be one unfortunate girl to you, but imagine this was how majority of young kids feel nowadays due to the pressure placed on them by the educational system. Why does this matter? It matters because this is not unusual. This is all young kids. It matters because the educational system is taking away from the joy within young lives everyday. It matters because if you don't act now then it will be too late. We are losing more and more time, whilst school kids are being failed by the educational system, people like you are not even attempting to notice and make a difference. The clock is ticking.

As moral members of society, it has long been accepted that the children today will form our future but a less discussed issue is the pressure placed upon them. It is our crucial responsibility as a generation to act now to make a change and improve the lives of all young school kids. Has the hyper fixation on good grades and school achievements overpowered the requirement to meet the needs of young school kids today? Irrefutable evidence demonstrates, that there has been a 37% increase in the number of children who are becoming homeschooled in the upcoming year due to the unmanageable load of school work. This is not simply a statistic; it is a warning. A stop to the damaging pressure placed on young kids by the educational system is necessary and must not be ignored for any longer. Furthermore, a recent study carried out by a secondary school in west London, revealed that there has been a profound increase in the number of students stopping their extracurricular activities due to their abundance of school work, with 76% of this coming from children aged 14-16. Undeniably, there is an obvious correlation between the number of kids becoming homeschooled and the number of kids stopping their extracurricular activities; the educational system. This crisis cannot be pushed aside for any longer and it is your responsibility to make a change.

Although it may be a controversial view to begin to shift the focus within our lives from outstanding grades within school, into supporting the mental well-being of school kids; this is the most significant matter. Just 24 years old, [NAME B] is a part of an organisation called SupportYoungLives which raises awareness of the severity of the ongoing impacts on young kids as a result of the educational system and promotes the need for change. [NAME B] stated in a recent interview, "I myself collapsed under the pressure of the educational system and it is important that young kids today receive the support they deserve so they can live their lives to their full potential". It is clear that others are acknowledging this issue too and his words should stop people like you in your tracks. He is right. Without intervention, this pressure will only build and joy will be continue to be stripped from young lives everyday without failure.

We cannot allow this to continue. You, schools and the government have the power to make alternatives realistic and appealing. Investment in the mental-wellbeing of young lives is necessary. Prioritising school kids taking part in extracurricular activities must be done. Reducing the work load that school children must complete outside of school cannot be ignored for any longer. Making it evident that children's mental-wellbeing is worth more than school achievements is undeniable. The hopeful alternative is clear: a nation where school kids don't feel drained when coming back from school and completing their work load but feel supported by the educational system.

Envisage this: [NAME A], now doing an apprenticeship, living her best life by being able to do the sports she loves most and still perform outstandingly in school. That is not a waste of time. That is wisdom.

Yours faithfully,
[NAME C]