Both Sources A and B describe orchards in very contrasting ways; Source A describes the orchard as a place of unexpected happiness whilst Source B focuses on the practical ways to keep an orchard running as a life system.

In Source A, the writer uses a simile to describe the layout of the trees, "The trees stood in neat rows, stoooped like thoughtful old friends". The combined use of a simile and personification describing the trees as thoughtful old friends, makes the trees seem more alive and makes the orchard itself have a more lively atmosphere which the writer enjoys about. The writer also focuses on another key element, light. Imagery is used to describe the beautiful appearance of the apples, "Each fruit glowed a deep golden-red, as though it carried a small piece of the sun within it." This symbolises the apples as light which is a symbol of happiness and optimism, showing the orchard as a place of joy for the writer. However, the writer does mention some minor disadvantages with the tree bark, reminding him of his flaws throughout the year, but the bad thoughts were seemes more positive in the writer's mind, "The approaching darkness did not feel threatening. Instead, it served as a reminder to notice what remained." This shows more optimism as the writer is looking at the benefits of his mistakes, using the tree bark as a connotation for it, again presenting the orchard as a symbol of optimism and happiness.

On the other hand in source B, which focuses on the more practical uses for an orchard and how to maintain its sustainability, the writer does not focus on the symbols behind the trees and the apples, but instead focuses on how to maintain the health of the apples, thinking more practically and realistically compared to Source A, "The ongoing care of an orchard requires steady commitment." Here the writer in source B tries to emphasise the difficulty in maintaining an orchard, rather than enjoying the orchard itself like the writer in source A does. Source B when focusing on the negative aspects is more direct rather than optimistic like Source A, "Equally important is vigilance against pests." Source B takes the negative aspects of the orchard more literally, by using the physical pests that physically damage the pests, rather than the thoughts caused by the orchard like Source A. While Source A, uses the weather as a symbol of happiness, Source B uses it has a variable that can change the production of the orchard. "Spring frosts can destroy blossoms overnight, while prolonged summer heat stresses trees and reduces yield." Instead of focusing on the writer's thoughts, Source B focuses on how to scientifically make sure the orchard is being maintained at the best way possible.

In conclusion, Source A is more self-centred, using the orchard as a motivation to enlighten the writer, whilst Source B is a more scientific practical article on how to make the orchard itself work well.