It was a hot day in the middle of June. Thomas was on holiday in Spain with his wife and two kids. They were sitting by the pool, sipping on their drinks, when suddenly Thomas heard someone call his name. 'Thomas? Is that you?' His heart skipped a beat. No one knew his name. They had only been at the hotel for a couple of hours. He felt a chill down his neck. How could someone know his name, yet he hadn't spoken to anyone? He slowly turned around, anxious about who was standing behind him. He saw who it was. The weather suddenly turned bitterly chill, and goosebumps rose from his arms. Clouds covered the clear sky within a matter of minutes. 'Jonathon?' 

Thomas didn't know what to say. Jonathon was his brother who disappeared 15 years ago. Why did he suddenly reappear? Why now? What are the chances? 197 countries, 10,000 cities, 187,000 hotels, but somehow they chose the same hotel on the same dates. Jonathon said the first words, 'Long time no see, brother'. Thomas, who was lost for words and angry at Jonathon for disappearing for all these years, said in a calm, deep voice, 'Why did you go? Why come back now? You're no one to this family now. Mum died, and you weren't there for her.'

Jonathon simply replied with 'Thomas, you've got to listen to me. I didn't go because I wanted to. Mum and Dad kicked me out and told me to never come back.'  'What? Why?' Thomas' mouth went dry. 'Dad told me you just ran away,' he wearily waited for an answer. 'Remember my old girlfriend Amelie? Well, when I brought her home for the first time, Mum and Dad completely lost it, saying I needed to leave and never come back.' 'After that, I lived with her for 5 years until we broke up.' 

A tear rolled down Jonathon's cheek.

'Oh my... Why would they lie to me?' Thomas felt completely stuck to the ground. 'They must've seen something in Amelie.' 'That first look they gave her instantly told me they hated her. And because I dated her, they also hated me.' They went to the bar to have a private talk. 'Two sangrias, please.' Jonathon exclaimed to the bartender. 'I guess it's a truth about life. Some people turn their backs on you. People often come and go. It's something we have to deal with in life. There's nothing we can do about it. The main point is we are back together, and hopefully you can forgive me!' 

'I don't know, I'll have to think about it. Anyway, how did you know we were going to be at this hotel?' Jonathon gave a simple three-word answer, 'that doesn't matter.'