Knock, knock, knock.

The sudden knocking of my bedroom brings me back to the bustling nature of my family; the incessant squeals from my younger cousins, the endless jokes from my uncle that swarm and sting like rogue bees on a mission to do harm, the continuous requests of chores from my mother - all feed into the bubbling anger inside me that brings me to the brink of explosion. 

As I turn to face the door, my eye once again gets drawn to the painting hanging above the light switch on my wall - a symbol that provides an ephemeral sense of peace throughout my body, a recognition that I'm not alone in the pernicious depths of my emotions. 

I witness a line of small boats sit close to the shore as they observe the scene before them, watching in awe whilst being pulled tightly against the pier by the tide - a maternal figure allowing the capsules to merely watch as she places her powerful hand around them. Protecting them. Guiding them. Controlling them.

Off in the distance, a rocky landscape lies in line with the horizon. Framed perfectly in the centre, the land is praised for its conformity ... yet the painter sees through this; capturing the the war behind it with each adroit brush stroke as the land is shunned in a corner. Forgotten. Isolated. Decaying. 

I have often spent nights wondering what lives the clouds live, what fuels their anger, what makes them cry - yet, all the answers lay in this painting. 
With each billowing cloud, the sky tries to assert any remaining freedom it has left, reaching out in strangled cries of pain to be met with electric current - fast and furious - that makes what was once blue, now pale and sickened. 
The clouds are a ticking time bomb as they hold the status of the gods of the ocean. Power runs through their veins and fuel them with further recklessness and disregard for the rest of Earth's inhabitants. They sit from above, looking down at the crowds of whom they endlessly taunt as they -

Knock, knock, knock.

With an abrupt jolt, I stand up and switch off the light, reaching for the stiffened handle of my door. The painting now surrounded in darkness, where the clouds can't hurt me now.

For I am just merely a fish, caught within the war between the sky and the sea.

Without a tide of my own, what can I do - apart from speed up the inevitable?