Dear Minister for Education,

I hope this letter finds you well. There has been recent news in which scientists claim that teenagers are not like adults; they learn and socialise differently and need sleep at different times. Many have been stating that education needs a radical re-think to meet the needs of students. I strongly agree with the views of these people and hope you do as well. Teenagers have different needs to adults and have different learning techniques. I believe that in order to see their full potential, the education system needs to adapt to their ways so that they are able to learn to the best of their abilities. This way, more students will have a higher education so that they are able to move on to work in jobs in the tertiary sector. This will hence improve their quality of life as they will be earning a higher income, which then contributes to the wealth of the country, so that the United Kingdom can have a higher standard of living. From this, we will be able to invest more into the education system, further improving it in the future. One way in which the education system could adapt is by starting and ending school later on in the day. This will ensure teenagers will get more sleep, as studies have shown that teenagers tend to sleep at around midnight and sometimes later. By shifting the time which school opens back by a couple hours, these children will be able to wake up later and have a longer sleep. This will lead to them being more productive whilst at school instead of being too tired to focus and constantly drinking caffeine. By getting longer hours of sleep, teenage caffeine consumption will be reduced, leading to healthier eating and drinking habits. Ending school at 6:30pm instead of 3:30pm will increase the productivity of the students as they are more vigilant during the afternoon compared to the early morning. This will lead to students learning more and having a higher attention span, whilst also scoring higher in tests. It is also stated that teenagers learn and socialise differently, so we should adapt to theirs methods so that all students can reach their full potential. For example, phones should not be banned in schools. This is because teenagers have become reliant on their phones, so by confiscating or banning them in schools, it will only discourage the students from doing their work. Instead we should adapt by incorporating devices into their lessons. An example of this is using devices such as laptops and ipads in lessons for them to work on, as then they easily have access to the internet to help them when they are unsure. Most teenagers also have muscle memory of the keyboard, so that they are able to touch type without looking down. This would waste a lot less time than writing, so then students can learn faster and more efficiently. By using devices, students will also have access to a lot of AI platform, which when used correctly, can really help students understand topics and develop their ideas. Overall, I believe that the Board for Education should rethink the current education system to fit within what is best for the current generation of teenagers.

Yours sincerely,
[NAME]