The author has purposefully structured the source in an intricate manner to engage and interest the reader. 
In the beginning of the extract, the author employs a stand alone line of Nia 'paused beneath the stone' as the first introduction into the text. The hesitancy in the independent statement draws the reader into the plot and encourages them to question the course of events which are going to follow and unravel the mystery behind Nia's intentions. The intriguing individual sentence is the spark of a deeper tension which is built as the reader is unaware of where Nia is going and what challenges she will be faced with. This demonstrates the intense set of events that could potentially come as the source progresses. The withholding of information portrayed by this singular line evokes a sense of curiosity amongst the readers, ultimately engaging them with the text causing them to be interested and read further.
In the middle of the source, the author alters the calm  and comforting tone of the library as Nia is exposed to an unfamiliar sound. The tone adjusts into a more tense and eerie atmosphere as she freezes. The shift in tone stimulates an eager thirst of knowledge in the reader as they want to figure out where the sound is coming from and who is making it. By introducing a fearful tone, the author engages the reader in the progression of events whilst the source begins to unravel Nia's destiny. The intimidating turn of events causes the pacing of the source to quicken as the reader becomes more desperate to obtain information about the sound coming from the library. 
Lastly, at the end of the extract, the author incorporates a cyclical structure of the library's atmosphere. For example, the library goes back to being 'silent' and 'patient' similar to how it once was when Nia had initially stepped in at the beginning. The roundness of the source takes the reader back to the comfort of the library before Nia heard the mysterious sound allowing them to be put at ease after the heightened tensions during the anonymous creak. Through this, the author additionally employs juxtaposition in 'silence' at the end and the 'creak sound' in the middle of the source. This contrast encourages the reader to be more interested in the potential progression of the plot as they are unaware of how this sound may later affect the 'silence' which has been present for 'years' in this historic library. Thus, the source as a whole is structured deliberately and intricately to interest and engage the reader to read further.