Fingers. Tapping. Tap. Tap. Tap. In time with the tick of the clock I continue muttering beneath my breath, "fifty nine, sixty." A new day has risen, but it isn't new, not really, every day is the same. I drag myself along the floor all I can hear is the groaning of the chains along the cold, pale, concrete floor. I pick up the tiny stub that remains of my chalk and lift by aching bony arms to the wall, adding another mark to my tally. That's when I hear it, the footsteps above. I gather all my energy to gather my utensils and wait expectantly by the door, if I don't appear perky he said that there would be consequences. The hatch at the door briefly slides open and a parcel is placed. The hatch slams shut and the footsteps fade away, until I am alone, once again.
Something felt off, well I always feel off, 9 years in the dark does things to you. But this was a different kind of off. That wasn't him. I would recognise his pale veiny hand anywhere, as it's all I have to identify him. The hand, although I only saw for a brief moment, appeared fuller, plumper more like. And definitely more tanned. One of his henchmen, I began to wonder.
Unlike usual I hadn't even though about the food parcel yet, I reached out for it my fingers barely clasping the limp string around it, my chains giving me minimal range of movement. I hurriedly tear off the murky brown paper, anything will do, I will even take the wet sloppy bread that made me vomit before, I open the parcel, but to my dismay I find no food, just: a flashlight, a knife, a note and...
A grenade! 
Could it really? I thought to myself in utter shock. I read the note
"Saw yourself out through the door chuck the grenade behind, 9pm tonight, be on time, I know you count the time. Yours sincerely Mr T"
Whoever that unexpected visitor was it was for sure not my captor, whoever this person is wants to save me! I have never been so happy to have an unexpected visitor, then I realised I had been so engrossed with the note, I had lost track of the time. 
Hurriedly I began to saw through the hatch, if I could glimpse the sun's position I could calibrate myself.
The harsh sunlight bore into my pupils, but it brought me a warmth I had not felt for a long time. "11am" I muttered beneath my breath. 10 hours and then... Freedom.
with 5 minutes left I began a start on sawing the door now, my arms so limp I struggled but knowing It was my only chance of survival I pushed through. I had forgot one key thing. My chain! The door was wide open but I could not escape, 5 minutes left.
I heard the footsteps coming praying it was the unexpected visitor and not my captor, to my surprise it was Mr T, he looked down at me and used a hammer to break the chains which had long since rusted due to my prolonged stay down here.
Then there was only one thing left to do. 
I hurled the bomb at my underground prison and watched it explode, my memories and my fears all floating away, each piece of ash a symbol of my perseverance and luck.
"Now," he said. "Do you think it's time to give your friend an unexpected visitor?"