In both sources, there is a level of admiration towards the orchards but the writer of source A's admiration is arguably much more intense than the writer of source B. 
The writer of source A does not necessarily know much about orchards. It is likely that they just went there as a place to relax, not knowing the joy that it would actually bring them. Towards the beginning of the extract the writer describes the trees as being  "stooped like thoughtful old friends". The simile here is the beginning of the connection which the writer builds with the orchard throughout the extract. Although the writer had never been there before, the trees felt like "old friends". The simile of old friends may evoke feelings of nostalgia for the reader. It reinforces the idea that this orchard is a place of reflection for the writer, where they are able to slow down and think, appreciating the present moment. It also symbolises the comfort that the reader feels in relation to this orchard. This notion is echoed throughout the extract with the writer describing the trees as being above them "arched like silent guardians." 'Guardians' may suggest protection and therefore comfort for the writer because this orchard is a place where they feel safe. It is almost like a whole different world, totally separate from everything else because time is hardly felt, the only thing that the writer can feel is the calmness of the trees and the beauty of the nature, reinforcing their admiration for this haven of peace.
Though the writer of source B absolutely does feel a sense of wonder and gratitude towards orchards, their feelings are slightly more subtle.
Source B does not reflect so much on the beauty of the orchard but more on the care that they require. You could argue that this highlights how maybe they do feel an equal sense of admiration towards orchards. Though source A's description creates a greater sense of wonder towards orchards, the writer of source B would not know so much about orchards if they didnt feel a passion for them. The depth of the writer of source B's knowledge reflects a true understanding of the workings of orchards and therefore must mean that they truly do admire these orchards. Source B requires the reader to realise that maybe admiration is not expressed through words, but instead through actions.
These differing viewpoints of orchards may be a result of the writer's differing perspectives. Though source A definitely appreciates the orchard, they do not necessarily know much about the workings of them, but instead are just there to appreciate the stillness of the nature and the beauty of the orchard. However, source B's perspective is much more experienced, as they are an Orchadist. This may be why they choose to write more about how an orchard can be cared for, rather than just describing how calming orchards are.
However, towards the end of the extract, the writer of source B begins to convey their admiration for orchards in a similar way to source A. They state that "orchard labour offers more than material gain. It teaches attention, restraint, and respect for natural limits". This statement in the final paragraph is on a very similar vein to source A. It reflects the idea that the natural world teaches patience because not everything will turn out perfectly the first time. The triple listing used here in "attention, restraint and respect" puts emphasis on the many things that a person can learn from orchards. Ultimately, both writers are in awe of the workings of an orchard but the writer of source B has a lot more experience in how an orchard can be cared for. Above all, they both admire the beauty of orchards and the many lessons that can be learnt when you spend time in a place that is almost like heaven, allowing us to forget the stresses of daily life and appreciate the present moment.