In Source A, the orchard is used to teach the joy that can be evoked from even the simple aspects of life through the mesmerising atmosphere, whereas in Source B, the orchard is used to teach the importance of commitment and patience through the hard-working atmosphere. In Source A, the writer feels grounded when in the presence of the orchard. The alliteration "stretching and slowing" is used to suggest how the writer feels still and grounded when in the presence of the orchard as it is a distraction from all other things and time moves slower. Also, the phrase "joy does not always announce itself loudly" suggests how the feeling of joy is always lingering but is almost just waiting to be discovered, it's not hidden but it's just not noticed. The writer may be suggesting that this feeling of joy can be found in the mundane aspects of life. However, in Source B the phrase "success depends not on force but on understanding" implies the patience that is required for something to be successful but also how attention and commitment to that something is necessary. Also, the phrase "a well-kept orchard is evidence of steady work" suggests how despite this work appearing to be never ending there will eventually be a reward and perseverance is required to achieve that reward.

In Source A, the writer is reminded of the orchard every year and sometimes returns, whereas in Source B, the writer is writing about the ownership of an orchard and the hardwork it requires to be cared for. In Source A, the writer states "I carry its warmth" which suggests that even though it's been years since their realisation at the orchard, the feelings it evoked still linger within the writer. Also, the phrase "I return when I can, not in search of spectacle, but for the same simple reassurance" suggests that the writer still visits the orchard however not to evoke unexpected feelings but to be reassured in that those feelings exist. However, in Source B the writer uses multiple paragraphs each with their own focus on an aspect of an orchard to suggest the elongated commitment and attention required. Despite this ongoing commitment it appears to be rewarding through the phrase "a well-kept orchard is evidence of steady work" which suggests that there will eventually be a reward for all the work put in.