I agree that by the end of the source, Nia has found her confidence again and is ready to begin something new, despite her initial hesitation. From when she started to write, we can see that "The space seemed to expect something of her". This personification of the library could mirror Nia's internal conflict about wanting to begin something new - it could suggest that she was worried and uncertain about it, and she feels almost pressurised to be the best at what she was doing. However, as the extract progresses, we can see that the pages in her notebook "were clean and bright beneath the lamp". This suggests that she is inspired by the empty notebook that was pristine and almost inviting to start her work, which is shown when she begins to write "with more confidence". When she does this, the fresh words on the page could symbolise her new beginning and her newfound courage, showing that she has grown from her initial hesitation.

Moreover, I also agree because Nia seems to be questioning herself more at the beginning rather than at the end. We can see that the library "registered her presence without interest". This personification of the library recognising her, albeit without interest shows her internal doubt of herself, possibly connoting that she thinks that she might be wasting her time. Additionally, she could also possibly be feeling neglected due to the empty space and the library not having the atmosphere that would comfort her. This is followed by her rhetorical question "Would this place give her what she was looking for?", which again symbolises her inner doubt. However, she then "closed her eyes briefly" before opening them again. The opening of her eyes suggests her newfound confidence and new readiness to write in her notebook and start something new, showing her gradual journey through her emotions.

Finally, we can see Nia's gradual growth from her initial hesitation to being more reassured at the end through the sudden "creak" that "sounded from somewhere among the shelves". This auditory imagery of the creaking in the shelves suggests Nia's uncertainty, almost mirroring what's inside her mind - the creak could represent her doubt and confusion about all of it. However, "the sound did not return" and the "tension eased". Due to the sound not returning, this could symbolise Nia's doubt and confusion slowly going away, shown by the tension and atmosphere within the library easing. Hence, the library itself seems to be experiencing Nia's emotions whilst she is in there, showing her confusion and inner conflict, before it gradually seemed to get more calm.

In conclusion, I agree to a large extent that in the library there is an initial sense of unease, however, Nia overcomes this by grounding herself with the library's atmosphere and her mind.