I fully agree with this statement, as Nia in this short moment shows a new adaptation of growth and mindset - the writer effectively creates a narrative arc from initial unease to newfound courage. Initially Nia seemed to be tense of her surroundings, and the explored detail of every touch and every sight shows how Nia is so conscious of every movement and that she is almost scared and not at ease. The contact of the table steadying her, asserts her uncertainty. The short sentences "She froze.", "The sound did not return", are like little stabs of fear and panic, and fully explores the dynamic of the solemn room and her fear. The fragmentation creates a sense of immediacy and panic. The intense vivid imagery of "her fingers tightened against the edge of the table as she listened" demonstrates acute physical tension, and tightening against the one object that "steadied" her shows her trying to grasp any sort of comfort in the room. The writer continues this uncertainty by analysing the expectation that the library has of her to write something extraordinary. By personifying the library "The space seemed to expect something of her",  makes the library like a demeaning parent figure, who expects them to do the greatest. By the surface of the table being "word down by years of use" indicates how others have sat in her spot and may have created great things. The library "feeling watchful now, not hostile" feels like a scene out of Big Brother, and that the library is continuously watching her every move instead of dictating it, which deepens her uncertainty and fear. However the writer slowly shifts our focus from Nia's surroundings to her thoughts, showing that maybe it is only Nia's perception and mindset that is causing her to be uncertain this way. "She wondered what most people came here hoping to find", shows that maybe she is not alone, and that there has been many before her that has been in the exact same spot as her, giving her a sense of comfort and familarity. Then there is a rhetorical question to continue this train of thought "Would this place give her what she was looking for?", and this sense of purpose guides her and marks as the start of her newfound growth and confidence directly contrasting to her initial unease. The pages being "clean and bright" juxtapose the library's "pale and dusty" interior and these words produce a semantic field of new beginnings along with the other words in the next paragraph of "confidence", "began", "order", and "patience" signalling a complete resolution of her initial hesitation as this vocabulary is bright and positive. As she starts to write, the text explicitly shows her gaining more confidence and shows her change "cautiously at first, then with more confidence". As she starts to change, the library also remains the same but there is less of a watchful atmosphere now, but more of an atmosphere of "silence and patience". Therefore the writer uses a range of structural and language features to explore this change from uncertainty to confidence, and so I fully agree with this statement.