I agree with the statement as the source conveys a cyclical structure of initial partial readiness followed by unease and then a repeated steadiness and feeling of being prepared. At the end she has the courage to start something new.

As Nia set her backpack down "the contact steadied her" this suggests that Nia feels a sense of readiness whilst not completely confident after this first interaction with the table she is prepared to fulfil why she went there. This is reiterated as "There was nothing here to distract her, nothing to soften uncertainty. The space seemed to expect something of her." showing how she feels reassured by the table and prepared to take on the task. This initial preparation is overthrown by the sound of the movement among the shelves and "she froze. Her fingers tightened." this sudden change in mood shows how Nia feelings towards the library and table suddenly shift after her initial interaction. However as the sound doesn't return she relaxes. The source finishes with "She sat down, uncapped her pen, and began to write, cautiously at first, then with more confidence." as she regains confidence in her environment. This cyclical structure of her feelings shows how Nia undergoes a cycle of emotional which agree with the statement as whilst she does feel steadied by the table she it is still with unease and regain confidence towards the end.

In the source the writer conveys a sense of unease by whenever Nia starts to gain some confidence and relax into the environment something happens to jerk her away from this feeling of comfort not allowing her or the reader to settle. As moments after she feels steadied by the table "A creak sounded from somewhere among the shelves." revoking this sense of comfort and reinforcing the feeling of unease around the library. Towards the end of this extract despite the constant reinforcements of unease Nia seems to begin to understand that "The library felt watchful now, not hostile, but aware, as though it registered her presence without interest." and confidence that no harm would occur within this library if she showed it respect. As this new found confidence in the safety of the library allows a new story to begin.

This shows how I agree with the statement that From the moment Nia reaches the table, the writer creates a sense of unease and watchfulness. Through his descriptions of her emotions and growing confidence. Also that despite her initial hesitation, by the end it seems she has found the courage to begin something new. As she has settled into the library and understands it is aware of her presence but has no real interest into her being there.