It was the first day of summer break and spirits were high between the group of 4 teenagers . They had been working different shifts and been on their best behaviour for their parents to allow them all to go on a trip together so as soon as the summer break had started they were on a plane to Australia. 

Mixed emotions of excitement, freedom and homesickness took over as the 4 teenagers: Katreena, Olajire, Tobi and Tife sat together on the plan. Whilst they were all talking about their plans for when they arrive in Queensland, Australia Katreena commented that she was afraid of something bad happening. As soon as she said that the rest of the group were quick to put down her negative feelings.

After being on the plane for several hours they arrived in Queensland , Australia. They left the airport in a hurry and rushed to the taxi to get to their hotel. “ I can’t believe that we are actually here” said Tobi excitedly the others all agreeing with his statement. Once they arrived in the hotel they went into their separate rooms and had agreed to meet back in half and hour to go sightseeing. Thirty minutes later they were all gathered and ready to go when a middle aged man approached them saying “ do you guys need a tour guide ?” They all gave each other a look of concern before replying “yes”. The middle aged man responded saying “ luckily for you I have a boat and a free afternoon if you would like a tour” The boys were quick to respond however Olajire and Katreena gave hesitant looks before agreeing. 

The middle aged man guided them to his car were he takes them to the pier to get onto his boat. The sun is shining and beating down on all of them causing them to want to hurriedly get onto the boat. The waves were calm and glistening giving a sense of comfort which eased Katreena and Olajires doubt. Once they all were on the boat they set sail. 

After being on the boat for thirty minutes the weather rapidly changed coming like an unexpected visitor. Panic quickly set in as they were still out in the sea and the boats motor stopped working. The middle aged man then had an expression of confusion and anxiety when suddenly his ‘skin’ peeled off to reveal his real face which showed that he was an elderly man pretending to be and middle aged man. Screams erupted from the teenagers as they panicked “ I knew he was suspicious” claimed Katreena. The elderly man then gave a guilty look then jumped off the boat onto a life boat leaving them all stranded together. In an attempt to try and take control of the situation Olajire said “ there is no use in crying we need to do something since no one will rescue us.” As soon as she said that a large wave came and swept up the boat causing it to capsize. “SWIM!” Katreena cried out. 

Tobi took the lead as they all followed him in an attempt to get to shore. They then saw a tunnel and swam into it only to find that it was a cave . The four of them came out of the water and sat inside the cave panting trying to catch their breath, at this point the sky was black and  thunder and lightning took over the sky. “ What do we do ?” Tobi asked. They all looked at each other hoping at least one of them would have a solution to the situation but nobody responded. There was no signal as they had found themselves on an island so with no obvious way out Katreena sobbed. When suddenly Tife found an SOS gun next to a rock and he had an idea. “Since there is a hole at the top of this cave if we fire the gun into the sky someone should surely hear us and help us.” After a few attempts of this there were no signs of help when suddenly a helicopter flew over and spotted them . Cheers erupted in celebration as they were gonna be able to leave. 

After that experience they collectively decided to not go out to sea in a long time or to trust random men.

THE END