Dear Sir,
I thank you for taking your time to read this letter on this highly important topic that affects many across the country.
The education system has persisted for hundreds of years, when horse drawn carriages became cars, when gramophones became phones, when hundreds of items evolved and modernised, our learning system did not. For years, our school system has mirrored office life. Waking up at early hours; working at desks; having minimal breaks, it has come to a point where we have to realise that us teenagers are not and have never been like adults.
My school is one hour away by public transport, this means that I have to wake up at six in the morning to be able to get to school on time. And I am sure that many other students are the same. A study conducted by the NHS in 2023 on 10,000 secondary school pupils showed that 73% go to bed after 10:30 with 68% of those pupils saying that they wake up before seven. It is a widely known fact that teenagers need approximately 9 hours of sleep to have optimal growth so why is it that many students only receive seven to eight hours? 
The answer lies in our systems, having offices that start at eight in the morning is somewhat acceptable for working adults however, for children whose body and minds are still growing to have school at the exact same time is a mistake. Many people have debated on this subject before but nothing has changed. Now is the time to scrap the old routine and implement something new that will cater towards teenagers to against them. 
Teaching systems within schools are improving but more work is needed. If technology is evolving so fast around us, why can we not adapt to learn with it instead of against it? Many schools, mine included, have banned artifical intelligence apps and websites that give answers within minutes but I am asking why? While I do acknowledge the detrimental impact it can have if we rely to heavily on it, I am instead suggesting to learn with it and include it in our learning systems. Afterall, when teenagers become adults, the world will be teeming with various different robotic and artifically intelligence websites that we must adapt to, so why not start now? 
Too long, our classrooms have become pale imitations of office conference rooms, where boredom can be felt stifling the room. Instead we should take a more hands-on approach helping teenagers find out their passions instead of force feeding them subjects that they have no interest in. 
In conclusion, the education system must change. Teenager not only learn different, socialise different and sleep different than adults, they also are different. By changing the learning system to have something that is adapted towards our learning style would be highly beneficial to everyone. I hope you consider my proposals and I thank you for your time reading this letter.
Thank you,
[NAME]