I partially disagree that from the moment Nia reaches the table, the writer creates a sense of unease and watchfulness. This is because when she first approaches the table she seems to be comfortable and at ease with her surroundings and thoughts. However, as the plot progresses, I believe Nia is found to be more startled by the library's obscene presence and its intimidation as she is unaware of what may lay around her. Additionally, I strongly agree that by the end of the source it seems that Nia has found the courage to begin something new as despite the shock she was presented with from the unfamiliar sound, she proceeds to follow her previous intentions of working at eh library. 

Firstly, I partially disagree that the writer creates a sense of unease and watchfulness as soon as Nia reaches the table as instead she seems to be ready and dedicated to what she is going to do next. For example, the stillness of her situation causes her thoughts to feel 'sharper and more insistent.' The adjectives have strong connotations of focus and determination demonstrating her immediate mindset as she sits down at the table devaluing the idea that there is a sense of unease. Instead, the author creates a more motivational atmosphere as she seems to be encouraged by the stillness and lack of distractions that surround her. Through this I am led to imagine a comfortable environment as the library's silence helps Nia prepare for her story writing goal. Additionally, the two adjectives create a vivid image of curiosity demonstrating her ultimate feeling of tranquility as she reaches the table. Thus, I partially disagree that the write creates a sense of unease or watchfulness as she is presented as comfortable and encouraged by the atmosphere of the library.

However, I also am drawn to agree slightly with the fact that the author perhaps does create an immediate sense of unease when Nia approaches the table due to the uncomfortable description of the presence of the library. For example, after Nia becomes comfortable in her position she describes the harsh feeling of the library 'expecting something of her.' The personification of the building's presence gives the library a human-like existence insinuating Nia is being watched and perhaps is not alone. The 'expectation' of the library suggests that Nia is being guided into a certain path constructing an uncomfortable atmosphere. The word 'expect' also has connotations of domination and control presenting the library as a darker force attempting to take advantage of Nia's visit evoking an unsettling atmosphere. Therefore, I slightly agree that the author creates a sense of unease and watchfulness. 

Secondly, I strongly agree that by the end of the source, Nia seems to have found the courage to begin something new as she overcomes the fear within her and perseveres. For example, she begins writing her story 'cautiously' and then slowly adjusts to being 'confident' in her actions. The contrast created accentuates her new found belief in herself as she ignores the all-encompassing sense of unease around her. Specifically, the adjective 'cautious' demonstrates how she was previously stunted by the fear she possessed yet due to the mystery of the sound yet through her 'confidence' she overcame it and was able to find the courage to begin something new. The two words also elucidate her moving on and carrying through with her goals and ambitions of writing a story clearly demonstrating her deeply rooted courage and 'confidence' at the end of the source. 

Similarly, I also agree because she is clearly seen to be following her goals at the very end of the source. For example, as the library is again described as silent and mysterious, the whole extract ends on 'another story quietly began.' The noun 'story' creates a vivid image reflecting Nia's own journey from the beginning of the extract to the end. Through this, I, as the reader, can clearly interpret Nia's new found potential developing as the extract ends on a cliffhanger with the audience not knowing what story Nia is going to write. 'Story' also has strong connotations of mystery and progression as the reader reads on to find out the unravelling of events and how the story ends. This demonstrates Nia in a new light as more determined and courageous as she begins her own journey in the library. Although she was put through an obstacle of fear, she carried on fighting and does not give up thus showing her courage. Therefore I strongly agree with the second part of the statement.