Someone may agree with this statement because of Nia's initial worry and confusion. The writer uses "In the stillness, her thoughts felt sharper and more insistent." The adjective insistent shows that this uneasy atmosphere strives something from her, in desparation. This further highlights the watchfulness of this environment, especially where it says "The space seemed to expect something of her". The ideas that this liminal space of the library desired a want pictures the truth about it, making it insanely uneasy for the audience as we cannot predict what shall happen next - especially in this time of mystery. Additionally, the next sentence quickly switches to "A creak sounded from somewhere among the shelves". The writer builds up the description to emphasise this short sentence with sensory language. A creak notifies Nia and us of what is happening in her surroundings as we can picture this sound. Consequently, a creak can show this idea of unease even further, as clearly, Nia is not in control, and something else is happening. Her reaction to this clearly shows it as "She froze" and "heart beating heavily in her chest." The choice of verb "froze" emphasises her struggle and shock by these events. The idea that she has been stunned by the sudden horror of this uneasy environment allows the reader to truly grasp the level of watchfulness and caution she must endure. Therefore, someone may agree that the writer is creating unease because of the events constantly prevailing around her in this library.

Similarly, someone may agree with the statement because as it progresses towards the end of the novel, she finally finds the courage of new beginnings. After being startled, the writer cleverly uses short sentences to show her new, true feelings towards the atmosphere of the library. "Answers, perhaps. Or reassurance. Or simply time enough to think." The short bursts of her thoughts is a metaphor for her disrupt, unjoined chains of thoughts. However, they are still clear, and now she has prevailed to a calm and hopeful ideology. Even with the uneasiness of the library, she believes it is a place for her to contemplate what is happening. Additionally, the rhetorical question is asked "Would this place give her what she was looking for?". The use of this rhetorical question shows she is looking at it in another light. Because she is questioning the true meaning of the library to herself, it sends a message of hope and courage to find something new to the audience. The conditional verb "would" shows it is only a thought, yet still true to her, as she now believes in a new reality. Finally, the writer portrays her as finally renewed. "She sat down... and began to write, cautiously at first, then with more confidence." The adverb "cautiously" shows she is still trying to uncover this new emotion of courage. However, she finds it via this "confidence." This sentence uses 2 contrasts of cautiousness and confidence to juxtapose her feelings towards courageousness. By identifying two opposities, 
it shows her journey into becoming a person with the courage for something new. Therefore, some may agree with the statement as she has now completely finished and refined this transformation, and her past fear and wariness of the library has brought hope and renewal into a belief of courage and faith.

On the other hand, someone may disagree with the statement. This is because they see this transformation as the result of the library's actions. "not hostile, but aware, as though it registered her presence without interest." This quotation shows the library has had an effect upon her. The idea that it "registered her presence without interest" may give way that this unease is still constant, just diminished due to the lack of interest the library shows towards her actions. The use of two quick adjectives "not hostile, but aware", shows the true feelings and emotions this library or being has towards it. Additionally, the idea that the library is watchful is personification and shows it can unravel into this constant fear and brutality it has for Nia. Additionally, because the extract sends with "Around her, the library remained silent, holding its order...", it shows that this story has not yet ended, it has only been disinterested in Nia from the beginning. The phrase "holding its order", gives light to the idea that the library is still a being and also still in charge. Nia will never find the courage to begin something new because she does not have the power to. Despite her abilities, she is overpowered by the silence of the library, as well as her own thoughts. Therefore, someone may disagree with the statement because her transformation is overshadowed by the order and effectiveness of this library, personified via fear, watchfulness and hostility.

Following onto this, someone may yet again disagree with the statement because the rhetorical question can be seen as a form of personal doubt too. "Would this place give her what she was looking for?". In the end, she believes she has found the confidence for courage. However, she still questions her inner ability for purpose. The phrase "what she was looking for" shows she has a desire. However, it is left unfulfilled by this library, therefore, not giving her a chance to change and transform into a courageous character. Additionally, the short sentence "The thought lingered longer than she expected" exemplifies that this thought is puzzling her inner ability to change, and it is not easily challengeable. The choice of the verb "lingered" by the writer shows the thought has truly disrupted her chain of reasoning and she shall find it very hard to change and gain courage due to the trauma the library has inflicted upon her inner thoughts and mindset. Finally, the extract ends with "while another story quietly began." This may give way to an idea that her story has been neglected due to her lack of power. The adverb "quietly" shows her courage has been put aside by the library, as it continues to haunt her and give her a fear due to the supernatural qualities that she has experienced. Furthermore, the idea that another story has began shows this is a cycle of trauma, not just upon her. In order to end it, she must escape and begin a cycle of healing. By the end of this extract, we are yet to discover if she prevails. However, some may believe she has finally discovered her inner confidence and courage to stand up to this fear, while others still believe she is overshadowed and stuck in this torrential cycle of abuse, terror and trauma.

In conclusion, I agree with the statement. I believe Nia has struggled through challenges such as unexpected "creaks sounding" and the fear it instilled as identified by "her fingers tightened against the edge of the table". However, she has managed to escape this trauma by reflecting and contemplating upon her true, inner meaning. By thinking philosophically, she has truly discovered what this library truly means to her. By journaling and putting her thoughts on paper, she gains confidence, courageousness and power to change, even in times of struggle. Furthermore, as said by "another story quietly began", it may give way that Nia has finally escaped this cycle. The idea that this is a never-ending story, shows this library is a horrible depiction and metaphor for a cycle of trauma. This can be further highlighted as the library held its patience "as it had done for years". Nia has finally transformed via strength, deep thinking and courage to break and end this cycle of terror, trauma and fear inflicted upon her and many others in the past and future to remove any hesitation for anyone, anywhere, all at once.