Dear Sir,

Akin to species developing useful characteristics in our constantly evolving world, us teenagers have swum with the tide of technological advancements that drew us into a new way of thinking, socialising, a new way of living. Yet we feel the growth of one thing is stunted in this garden of rapid advancements, and that is education. Education ought to be the gardener tending to this garden, nurturing seeds of teenagers until they flourish into towering oaks of change, yet it firmly clings to the past, refusing to comply to the ways of the modern day teens. And so, I am writing to you to explain why I believe the school system must change.

Approaches to learning have changed. While they may or may not be influenced by shorter attention spans from us teenagers endlessly 'doom-scrolling' on TikTok instead of sleeping at night, this means the way concepts are tested on should be modified. Rather than holding exams that merit mere mindless memorisation of material, only to be forgotten as soon as students set foot out of the exam hall (entirely counterproductive), I believe we should be tested on creativity, innovation, and authenticity. The spread of radical ideas on educational reform have only been expedited by social media platforms. A recent YouGov poll shows that a staggering 96% of students would prefer to harness their individual talents rather than waste time on subjects they are bound to fail in. In other words, find their skills. Skills that set us apart, nurture our unique abilities and prepares us for the future. What is happening instead is that we teenagers are forced to endure classes that are of no benefit to us, while we could be dedicating our time to a smaller skillset which could be enhanced by the time we finish school. Smaller classes, bigger ideas. Better understanding. A big problem holding teenagers back from harnessing their skills is their fear of failure, of being judged by their peers. Students should be shown that wisdom is not invented - it is accumulated. That it's okay to not know.

Furthermore, it is no surprise that all teenagers undergo the painful processes of puberty, penetrating into our lives and spreading misery. Hence our mood swings, irritability, followed by a whole litany of more and more excuses... this is how we are being dismissed again and again by adults. A study from Sally Blackwood, a fellow of Oxford University, paints it right and clear that teenagers' mental health is fragile at its very least, and that social media and body image all heavily contribute to this vulnerability as well. Despite how common this is I feel that the support we require at our times of vulnerability are not fully available at school. As a solution I propose that students should have to partake in weekly wellbeing workshops alongside their basic education, in which problems are acknowledged, not dismissed, and handled with the right sensitivity. Alongside, education about how to treat others on social media with respect should be implemented from a young age, so by the time children start using phones and communicating online, online safety is an innate principle. 

Like a stone dropped into a still pond, these actions will create ripples that will reverberate far beyond the immediate moment, shaping our future generation and the ones yet to come. I request you, sir, to take into consideration these propositions, beacons of light into a world that we cannot allow to be shrouded by the darkness of a refusal to change. 

Yours Faithfully,
[NAME]