The writer uses language to create atmosphere of the library being curious. We see this in the quote "The space felt preserved, carefully held in place, as though change was something that happened reluctantly here". This suggests that there has been somthing bad that might have possible have happened within the library as if it's trying to cover that up but can not cover it completly so anyone that goes to the library will only get the feeling that something had happened. This create a bit of a creepy feel as we don't know if the 'change' was a good change or a bad 'change' because anything could have happened to the library but both Nia and the readers will never find out what that is. Which create the atmosphere of the library being curious as we all have question in to what had happened to the library to end up the way it has in the end. The writer uses adjective "preserved, carefully held in place". TO give the feel like the library has been put that way by someone that maybe bring a sense of comfort for the perosn that had put the library in that way as if's there way of escaping reality.    

The writer uses language to create atmosphere of the library being comforting to her. We see this in the quote " She breathed in. The smell of paper and ink lingered, dry and faintly bitter". This suggests that the things that she is smelling it the room are familiar smells for her as it's something she usually smells in her day to day life. The writer used a short sentence "she breathed in" to show that she has finally got out of a place where she feels like she maybe can't be herself fully, so by being in the library it's giving the feeling that she can be herself without anyone judging her for be a different way to other people. The writer also uses sense to describe the smells in the room that bring comfort as it paints an image of what the library would smell like as if you were standing there with Nia, creating that calm feeling where you can let go and learn new things that you didn't know.

The writer uses language to create atmosphere of the library being comforting to her. We also we this in the quote "It was easy to imagine losing your sense of direction, wandering until the reason you had come no longer mattered". It show that the library has lots and lots of knowgledge to learn to the point of losing a sense of time or reason of being there can no longer be remembered. As there are lots of different things to look at and learn all about the hidden stories of the library. It's as if time is frozen there and nothing else matters as you slowly lose yourself to the point where you will forget how to get out of the library.